feat(amqp sink): add priority property (#22243)
vectordotdev/vector: changelog.d/add_priority_amqp_sink.enhancement.md

Support was added for `priority` on the `amqp` sink, to set a priority on messages sent.

> The priority value can be templated to an integer between 0 and 255 (inclusive).

Reviewer: Let's also mention that templates can now parse `i64`, `u64` and `f64` values?

> Support was added for `priority` on the `amqp` sink, to set a priority on messages sent.
> The priority value can be templated to an integer between 0 and 255 (inclusive).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `amqp` sink now supports setting the `priority` for messages. The priority value can be templated to an integer between 0 and 255 (inclusive). Also, this new field is template-able and Vector templates can now render numerical values.
```

Author: Thank you!
